Metrics monitoring guide: update getting started content (#58)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/metrics/metrics-installation.asciidoc

[[install-metrics-monitoring]]
[role="xpack"]
== Get started

To use the {metrics-app}, you need {es} for storing and searching your data, and {kib}

> (version 6.5 or later) for visualizing and managing it.

Reviewer: I think we can drop mention of 6.6 now that we're more than half way through the 7.n release cycle.

To ingest data, you can use {metricbeat} installed on each server you want to monitor, or
third-party collectors that are configured to ship ECS-compliant data. The <<metrics-fields-reference>>
provides a list of all fields used in the {metrics-app}. 

> If your data uses nonstandard fields, you may need to modify some default <<configure-metrics-source,configuration settings>>.

Reviewer: I don't think users will understand what you mean when you say "if your data uses nonstandard fields". From a user's perspective, at this point, they just have systems that they  want to monitor. Fields don't exist until after they've installed Metricbeat and data starts flowing to Elasticsearch. I think you're talking about custom index pattern/names and custom fields, but that's not clear here.

Author: Yes, this relates to custom index patterns and non-default fields. I moved this paragraph to a note statement in Step 4.

[[install-metrics-monitoring]]
[role="xpack"]
== Get started

To use the {metrics-app}, you need {es} for storing and searching your data, and {kib}
(version 6.5 or later) for visualizing and managing it.

To ingest data, you can use {metricbeat} installed on each server you want to monitor, or

> third-party collectors that are configured to ship ESC-compliant data. <<metrics-fields-reference>>

Reviewer 2: I haven't heard of ESC. Did you mean ECS? Also, a missing 'the'
```suggestion
third-party collectors that are configured to ship ECS-compliant data. The <<metrics-fields-reference>>
```

Author: Thanks, I did indeed mean ECS.

provides a list of all fields used in the {metrics-app}. 

If your data uses nonstandard fields, you may need to modify some default <<configure-metrics-source,configuration settings>>.
To modify configurations, use the <<configure-metrics-source,Settings tab>> in the {metrics-app}.
Alternatively, see {kibana-ref}/infrastructure-ui-settings-kb.html[{metrics} settings] for
a complete list of metrics configuration settings.

[float]
[[before-you-begin-metricbeat]]
=== Before you begin

> To get started quickly, you can spin up a deployment of our

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started quickly, spin up a deployment of our
```

> https://www.elastic.co/cloud/elasticsearch-service[hosted {ess}]. The deployment includes
> {es} and {kib}, and is available on AWS, GCP, and Azure.
> https://www.elastic.co/cloud/elasticsearch-service/signup?baymax=docs-body&elektra=docs[Try the {es}
> Service for free].

Reviewer 2: All of these are available as [shared attributes](https://github.com/elastic/docs/blob/master/shared/attributes.asciidoc)

```suggestion
{ess-product}[hosted {ess}]. The deployment includes
{es} and {kib}, and is available on AWS, GCP, and Azure.
{ess-trial}[Try {ess} for free].
```
